okay in this video tutorial I'm going to
show you how to get back deleted files I
know there's a lot of videos out there
that takes 10 to 15 minutes long I'm
going to try to make this one under five
minutes and show you just only what you
have to know to get back any deleted
files from any kind of a device and no
matter what kind of file it is so that
should sum that up pretty good now first
you will have to download this software
it's you can see the link here in my
address bar or you can just click the
link under this video in the description
box and it will take you straight to the
page just click the free download button
and you can see here that this is a
microsoft partner company and they're
also accredited business with a better
business bureau so it is a very legit
company they are highly recommended and
also a lot of computer shops uses this
software to recover files for clients
all over the world so it is very very
good software and it's one of the most
affordable you will find anywhere now
this is a free download what that means
is you can download this software it
will scan your computer or any device
you have hooked up to your computer for
files that it can recover and it will
show you exactly what those files are
before you do purchase it which i
believe is like forty dollars they
usually have a coupon code so when you
buy it just make sure that is offered so
at least you can save another ten
dollars or so but I want to go ahead and
show you exactly what this software is
and how it works so once you download
the software and install it this is the
screen that's going to come up and
you'll see here there's a few option
there's a quick scan a full scan and a
guided scan basically these allow you to
scan from different types of devices the
guided scan also allows you to recover
items from a formatted drive or even
from an existing partition recovery
emails or recover items from an external
device such as iPods digital cameras
basically it will recover any kind of
file from any kind of a device what I
usually do is I just go to the Advanced
tab and I will select which device I
want to choose here to recover files
from this here is my main hard drive and
these are some external drives I have
and these are some USB drives i have i'm
just going to leave this one selected
for now as you can see here that it does
recover
file from different types and so what
you do is you just select which one you
want to cover files from I always keep
these four boxes checked because I've
had to use a software multiple times for
external drives USB drives SD card you
name it I've had to use it cause I'm
just really bad about accidentally
deleting files or even file is just
disappearing for no reason at all and so
once you select what you want to recover
click start scan it's going to go
through and it's going to tell you how
many items that finds right here and
it's also going to organize all these
files into independent folders so you
can see which files it's able to find
and if you hit the plus signs on any of
these it's going to break it down and
show you what those files are before you
recover them which is something that's
really good about the free download
version because many of the software
tools out there they don't give you this
option you you actually have to buy the
software first to even find out if it
works or if it can recover your files
and if it doesn't you're just out of
luck and so with this software you
download the free version and then it's
going to scan it's going to show you if
it can recover the files you're wanting
and then once it finds those files i'm
going to go ahead and stop it you can
see it found over a thousand files
already down here it's going to ask you
where you want it to save all these
recovered files from and you can choose
to recover these files of any kind of a
location whether it's an external hard
drive a USB Drive or on your computer
desktop or your laptop or what are we
using you just choose a location here
and you want to click recover and if you
haven't purchased the software yet it's
going to ask you to register it and it's
going to redirect you to purchase it
which i think is around forty dollars
like I said normally there's like a ten
dollar off coupon make sure you look for
that when you do purchase it it should
be available they usually always have it
on there because I buy a lot of products
from this company just because I like
them so well but really that's all there
is to it once you purchase it it's going
to bring you back and you just enter
your license code and then it will allow
you to click recover and you'll have all
your files back so it's really that easy
if you have the right software like this
one the process is just flawless you
know you're not going to have all that
stress and frustration you have was as
you do
with many of the other software tools
out there that just seemed lack and a
lot of features and options and
recovering files and so really that's
all there is to it and I just wish you
guys the best in getting back your
deleted files